#summary This is page for ideal on how to improve jobs and buildings.

Something we should fix is that the game has too many jobs that are too similar to each other. As a gamer i have no idea why i should send a girl to whore on the Gambling Hall or on the Brothel (the street thing is fine though).
  * Maybe we should get rid of hall and bar whore and just have whores in the brothel.  Never really seen the point in having them anywhere else but in the brothel.

Another point is that we need a better description for jobs. Something like the traits description with flavor text and an objective desc "(+looks)" or something similar.

= Bar =
  * Barmaid-  Actually add drinks to the game.  Maybe link it up with the get milked job.
  * Waitress-
  * Singer- maybe add a few more instruments and make it a band.  Have it increase the amount of people who come to the bar or something.
  * Piano-
= Gambling hall =
  * Dealer- Add odds to the job lvl for pay.  Better a girl is better ur odds of winning are.
  * Entertainment- Way to increase people coming to the hall
  * xxx- Make the patrons more horny increasing there chance of buying a whore
= Strip club =
  * Waitress-
  * Bar tender-
  * Stripper- Add lap dances of different lvls.
= Brothel =
  * Masseuse
  * Peep show
  * Stripper
    * Perhaps a way to increase the libido? In my games i use the Game Dealer as a way to rest the girl and increase her libido in the same time.
    * I think a rework of libido would be better.. Its imposable for a girl to keep it up even been a nympho idk I just think it should be worked on in fact its on the list
    * I am not sure how it is working but if you use sinspice + silken dress (+34 libido) girls can go all the way to 100 (Free Time + Game Dealer). That is the only way i managed to workaround this .... but a reworking would be welcome :).
= Stables =
  * Milked- Link it to barmaid as a type of drink to serve
= Clinic =
  * Nurse-
= Centre =
 Run a charity, with an option for the player to steal from charity (with possible bad outcome). 
Run schools/orphanages.. this should give a boost to the stats of new random girls, and possibly be a place to recruit new uniques.
 Homeless shelter... once again a possible place to find new girls.
= Studio =
= Arena =
= House =

= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages